Persistent Intra-node GPU Messaging (#3101)
UIUC-PPL/charm: doc/charm++/manual.rst

where the data is first transferred to the host from the source GPU, sent over
the network, then transferred to the destination GPU.

> An optimized mechanism for inter-process communication using CUDA IPC, POSIX shared memory
> and pre-allocated GPU communication buffers are availble through runtime flags.
> This significantly reduces the overheads from creation and opening of CUDA IPC handles
> especially for relatively smaller messages. ``+gpushm`` will turn on this optimization

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An optimized mechanism for inter-process communication using CUDA IPC, POSIX shared memory,
and pre-allocated GPU communication buffers are available through runtime flags.
This significantly reduces the overhead from creation and opening of CUDA IPC handles,
especially for relatively small messages. ``+gpushm`` will turn on this optimization
```
